Pseudocolumn unit tests (#9741)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/unit-tests.md

#### Adapter-specific caveats
- You must specify all fields in a BigQuery `STRUCT` in a unit test. You cannot use only a subset of fields in a `STRUCT`.

> - Starting in `dbt-bigquery` v1.13, the `_FILE_NAME` pseudocolumn on BigQuery external tables is supported directly in `dict` or `csv` fixture rows. See [Unit testing with pseudocolumns](#unit-testing-with-pseudocolumns).

Author: ```suggestion
- Starting in `dbt-bigquery` v1.13, the `_FILE_NAME` pseudocolumn on BigQuery external tables is supported directly in `dict` or `csv` fixture rows. Refer to [Unit testing with pseudocolumns](#unit-testing-with-pseudocolumns) for more information.
```

        - {id: 1, first_name: emily}
```

> ## Unit testing with pseudocolumns <Lifecycle status="beta" />

Reviewer: Is this available in dbt platform?
